some 120 plea for relief from bitter
some 120 plea for relief from bitter foes in my distress I cried to the Lord
foes in my distress I cried to the Lord
foes in my distress I cried to the Lord and he heard me deliver my soul O Lord
and he heard me deliver my soul O Lord
and he heard me deliver my soul O Lord from lying lips and from a deceitful
from lying lips and from a deceitful
from lying lips and from a deceitful tongue what shall be given to you or
tongue what shall be given to you or
tongue what shall be given to you or what shall be done to you you false
what shall be done to you you false
what shall be done to you you false tongue sharp arrows of a warrior with
tongue sharp arrows of a warrior with
tongue sharp arrows of a warrior with coals of the broom tree what was me that
coals of the broom tree what was me that
coals of the broom tree what was me that I'd dwell in me check that I dwell among
I'd dwell in me check that I dwell among
I'd dwell in me check that I dwell among the tents of Kedar my soul has dwelt too
the tents of Kedar my soul has dwelt too
the tents of Kedar my soul has dwelt too long with one who hates peace I am for
long with one who hates peace I am for
long with one who hates peace I am for peace but when I speak they are for war